[Music]
earn dressed in black Mari on the spot
with the hat
333 walking over the bodies they took
too much hot purple I got the Boogie I'm
out of
here growing weed in the graveyard
purple and green The Chariot Twin
Dragons drawing just burn a night
it's h fire hold me tight every day and
every night with a black Briefcase full
of venomous things the Muse of Oria
leaving bodies in the street Antonia's
will she Harvest Your Dreams shop
doctors War of the words War of the
Worlds maple syrup cup of sugar flowing
over with the Frankin sense and M from
the house up on the hill
Meda cut them R call the
boie do like I came call me the
Boogie I'm going
to welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
better than Muse tonight and what I have
got for you is some good stuff I'm
smiling in because it's good stuff and I
want you to see it once again what are
we going to do here we're going to bring
out some gorgeous gorgeous stuff right
before we get there though I want to
talk to you as a group right I can
promise you there's goodies coming oh
tonight it's always it's always Goods
right we're
gonna we're gonna get into the middle of
it we're going to start to get our heads
cleared in the middle of this mystery
we're going to see what it's on all
about right take you to that place that
you can't
go if you're buying a t-shirt or a mug
are you ready are you ready for this
before we
go ship's warming up I need to tell the
congregation I have heard I have heard
your
please I have heard your requests I know
people are telling me um and I went out
I told my boss
about Jesus and the naked
kid and had a very bad effect had a very
bad
effect people are trying to
spread the Gospel of Jesus and the naked
boy hail
Satan they're trying to spread the
gospel to get the word out there for
people to see it to be
[Music]
awakened to be brought to a place of
post fatality Resurrection to be born
again do you see what the cure for
Christianity is it's the
anti-christianity just like the Christ
is a drug that is used in sex rights and
the
Antichrist is the
antidote to that
Christ you see what that does the
antidote brings the people back there's
one very special case of this it became
very
popular in Antiquity even the doctors
are talking about it right not only do
you have it in the myths and right
tragedy and all that kind of stuff but
you've got it in the doctors and that's
taking a group of people out of mania
how do you do it
when you are
christing right things can go
wrong right you can need to correct the
process it's very delicate it's why you
don't do this stuff remember the boy
that we saw last week who took the took
the communion and paralyzed himself
right imagine that that's what we need
in a church right right that's what we
need we need someone to walk up and be
oh to hit the floor why because the
communion drug was not properly
applied shame on you remember where we
are we're with
Christianity I know that's not going to
happen why because our Christians today
are not Christians as they were when
Jesus and his
followers spread the
cult yeah so what am I going to bring
you tonight I'm going to bring you some
loveliness for the people out there who
were spreading this message
remember remember it is just about those
text when you show people here people
here's
Jesus here's naked
boy in a and you know you can expand on
it from there when you show them the
Christ thing is a drug as I've showed
you so many times all you need to do
people go forward with my authority this
is I give you Almond's
Authority you may use it you may say on
the authority of almond and say may look
at you
funny do it that's the good thing um on
the authority of almond I can tell you
this is the christing is a very common
practice and it's not what you think it
is right it's used with drugs that are
meant to cause you to have your mind
open so that you can see that's how how
they expressed it okay fantastic and
there's horniness always Perpetual Bic
horniness with these people my God I do
I do I do there's genitalia all over the
place these Cults man I'm telling you
you haven't been in it I know there's
people here there's people here let me
finish on the authority of Ammon right
the C thing is a drug process I just
want you to be able to share that with
people imagine this you can tell them
and historical
reality that they would never have had
access to that their grandparents didn't
have access to the people before that
didn't have access to all the way back
until we get the text where the
Christians are all chising each other
and having
sex purification I'm sorry
purification call it what you want call
it what you want right it's cult isn't
that funny Christianity much like much
like the orange Tyrant lies
defensively wo right lies are you a
people of Lies what you know why this
upsets me because I have to go talk to
the Watchers and it's the same thing all
the time now what do you think they're
talking about 24/7
oh my
God please please let's go somewhere
safe let's go back to the Garden of
Gethsemane with holy Jesus Christ and
the naked boy with a bandage on his
private parts with Jesus screaming I am
not a child
trafficker that's a much better World it
makes more sense doesn't it the fairy
tale is always so it's gullible you have
to be gullible to believe that
garbage right look at what it actually
says oh well wait a minute right I don't
have to be so
gullible right oh my God christing is a
drug people are gonna ah Christ things a
drug Christ things a drug none of you
read these okay look I'm bringing you
more text the good news is for those of
you who are evangelizing and taking the
message of Jesus Christ with a naked boy
Mark 14:51 and 52 if you take that out
to them and show them the this drug
using
sicko that gets a crowd together first
time he gets caught crowd gets together
like hey kill him right
fantastic right Jesus Christ the irony
of history is that Jesus Christ makes
Jeffrey Epstein look like just the most
civil normal human being on the planet
nothing going on here absolutely nothing
where's P Diddy where did they catch him
[Laughter]
yet let's go don't talk about that oh
you watch I'm not doing it the Texs are
doing it baby right that's the problem
okay we're going to jump in tonight I'm
going to show you some that I've never
been on the radar before but I want to
bring back to you that sacred romantic
moment of that inner right give me the
first one chewy give me and by the way
people for anybody who's squeamish about
getting your testicles removed okay this
is the time not to be here because we're
going to show you what it
means what it
means to have true
communion I'm going to show you the
instrument
tonight we're going to be focusing on
the mystery cup the mystery Cup right
now all those freaks who follow Theos
they know they know who I'm talking
about don't you yeah you know you know
um we're gon to look at him from a
different angle oh my God that's I
didn't I I didn't mean that okay unic
unic boy Jokes Aside right is there
anything funny about unic
boys Jesus loves unic
boys give me the first one give me the
first one what is this oh God this is
the name of Adam wait
what oh yeah I just thought I'd just
throw this in everybody's face okay what
is this um by the way these are most of
tonight's uh Greek sources are taken
from the Greek
Anthology a lovely lovely lovely work
with just oh scads myriads of ancient
authors right I've um I've studied
Classics for 33 years I've been
translating Greek for 33 years and I can
tell you for a fact um I can always find
new people that they're talking about
that I've never heard of them geez of
you hundreds and hundreds and hundreds
and
hundreds of authors I just read a list
to one of my classes the other day hello
everybody in class I just read a list I
just read a list to them of the nine
best um women uh lyric poets right you
know the ones that trashed people like
pendor you know what I mean Karina and
the whole crew right um I was reading
those right I haven't read any of the
any of the you know we only got
fragments and most of them and I haven't
read any of these other names they're
mentioning it makes me wonder about how
stupid my understanding of antiquity is
are you ready let's go to the First
Source this is going to blow your mind
are you ready everybody you're welcome
you're all welcome and those nasty
people oh where's the whip the nasty
people who are coming oh no I was
already using where's the whip it's
around here some oh there it is there it
is people who came here tonight and you
know who you are you know who you are
you come here for one reason you come
here to cry out for attention you want a
filling because you're
unsatisfied you're unsatisfied and
you're a little bit scared you're a
little bit scared I have something for
you tonight it's going to be really
scary
yeah here we go one to get us on the
road bring it back you're welcome Adam
it
says are you ready for
this Greek
Anthology the name Adam right has design
behind it it's four
letters and these letters are each the
limits of the
cosmos the organ ization of the
universe what are they the
alpha is the
East right the Delta is the
West the next Alpha is the
north right and the Mew is from the
south why do we have the directions in
Greek in a name that people have been
telling me for years on TVs and in
stadiums and in
churches they've been telling
me that this name is
Hebrew okay this is an ancient
derivation of the name Adam and it is
not Hebrew it is Greek and it is the
incorporation of the four
directions the these are the directions
of the
Winds the earliest hymns in the
mystery or to the
winds if you know each of those you
understand right at least she does I
don't know she makes it work somehow she
makes it work where's the weather
machine stop it stop it with the
conspiracy
there was nothing funny going on it was
Jesus Christ in a public park with a
naked kid okay every one of you drinking
his
blood you know what's in that stuff
whatever he was had his mouth
on God it's amazing people will swallow
anything you just gobble gobble open up
how many hundreds of years have you
people look I'm going to talk I can't I
can't take it anymore I can't just go
ahead this it's
yours for how many hundreds of years
have you been opening your gullets to
swallow the wooden stone for how long is
your gaping throat going to be a
witness a witness
how old is a kid isn't that funny
everybody wants to know how old is this
kid that was with Jesus who was and he
was naked with a bandage on his HooHa in
Mark 1451 52 how old was
he oh
God yeah yeah in the septu there's a
contrast between
ananas yeah and an adult and that nanus
isn't an adult the word for the kid is a
Nanos it's a diminutive of a non-adult
so I don't care where you what grades
you want to put this kid into I don't
care it's 400 am and he's
nude he's
nude you can't stand against it all the
evangelicals do you realize people as
you go out and take this gospel to the
people as you go out and you realize
what you can do you can wake them up you
can wake them up think about that for a
minute think about that do you know how
I know you can wake them up because they
are people write to
me right I get all sorts of different
perspectives I feel like a a Jackalope
for not writing them back because they
they put their soul into these letters
yeah oh God their experiences they
experienc this they experienc that and
it brought them to the point and thank
you thank you for releasing that for
showing for giving us
something yeah a
reality a reality and we are all
guardians of that
reality right we are all
guardians of that reality our society is
crumbling
right it's
crumbling bring back Jesus I told you
what's the answer bring back Jesus hit
me go ahead here's his name people from
now on you can dance around now this is
not the only reference to that there's
also the sibles right they write about
Adam and they use the very same right
they're talking about his name being
composed of those directions why because
this is a dude within a right it's it's
actually Eve right
Zoe right who's the
performer congratulations you figured it
out the devil the devil of all people
you know what I mean the devil what a
place love it give me the next one give
me the next one now watch people what
the ticklers these are the rectal
ticklers and what are the rectal
ticklers going to do the monists I'm
talking about they always have an agenda
Adam is a common masculine name give a
name in the English language thank you
very much of Hebrew
origin we guess the name derives from
Adam the first human according to the
Hebrew Bible right notice what they're
quoting they're quoting this
passage right right you want to see why
the Greek can't be a can't be a
translation of the the Hebrew right they
they have to repeat with Adam they have
to repeat words he's he's Adam who comes
from Adam
right right it's terrible people right
man or she been okay keep going keep
going what am I talking about look look
at the word here people here it is
here's Adam
mankind mankind wait a minute it's word
origins wait it's from an unus what okay
remember when you're dealing with Hebrew
you're dealing with one set of forged
texts right the copies of the sepian
they're frantically trying to make in
those caves out in the middle of nowhere
right doing all that weirdness getting
ready for the end of the world right and
look at the bottom just look look at the
bottom o of this concordance look at how
is this thing
translated the nasb translation right
okay any man anyone any ones wait being
common sort human infantry how they
getting there don't they have a word for
infantry Jesus low degree low man
mankind look what they're doing with
this word what are they doing with Adam
they're putting them everywhere they
possibly fraking can why you know the
Greek doesn't say any of that right of
course it doesn't the Greek actually
makes sense and flows give me the next
one give me the next one
oh God watch this this is the book of
the generation of Mortals right in the
day that God created
Adam according to His
Image he made him male and female he
made them and he blessed
them and he called his name Adam now
you'll notice in the text you'll notice
in the text they always say he called
their name Adam cuz they're that's
coming from the Hebrew the Hebrew screws
this up I don't know why man it's like
dude something simple like that right it
shouldn't be um go to the next one shuy
look what's happening you didn't even
know who Adam was and you got here watch
this you didn't know who Adam was
because this is the kind of hoo-ha that
gets blown up your your
torsion
expeller you know what I mean watch this
we were all familiar with the name Adam
right but what does it really mean okay
let's see how they do as a let's see how
good they are at philology let us Begin
by looking at its roots that's a good
start the word name is a child root
derived from the parent D meaning blood
okay the root means Blood by placing the
letter Alpha in or sorry Olive um in
front of the parent root child root Adam
Adam is formed and is related in meaning
to D okay okay now you everybody hears
that and they're like all right sure
sure I'll take that thank you point
Dexter I got
it right no no no no see you didn't feel
that was only one hand you didn't see
where the other hand was going and I
told you don't get
fooled right now if you like the back
alley and that's your thing then there
you go right then what are you doing
here
right by examining a few other words
derived from the child rot we can see a
common meaning oh we're getting there
the Hebrew word ad is the feminine form
of Adam meaning
ground the word name Edom means red each
of these word has the common meaning of
red does it I thought one was ground is
the clay We saturated with clay in this
place or something right d is the red
blood wait a minute what stop playing
with the root do you see what's going on
on Roots don't work this way right right
you go from the root to Branch out
through your word up there in the limbs
right right that's what you're doing
you're shooting that energy upwards
bringing that back down from the leaves
storing it oh God it's a highway up here
what's going on with this guy he stopped
up man right um the word it means red
and it means blood there's one other
connection between Adam and Adas seen in
Genesis 27 which states that the Autumn
was formed out of otama dude I know
you've got 7,000 words and that's hard
to work with right it's very hard to
work with right as a matter of fact it
makes it look like ancient Hebrew
probably isn't real that it's not
actually spoken anywhere people and
that's why the only thing you got is
some amulets while we're sitting here
drowning in thousands upon thousands
upon thousands of texts and I'm not
talking Inky do do you
understand wait how many words can we
use in this language right don't worry
by the time you've had a cup of coffee
in the morning ladies and gents you've
already spoken through what you possibly
can now hold those words for the rest of
the day because that's all you can talk
about do you see the problem when you're
trying to translate that sophisticated
Greek into a language that's that
limited it's doomed to failure the very
fact that septu agent Scholars have
missed this is hilarious it's absolutely
hilarious because you know what I'll
challenge you septu and Scholars none of
these not the bums man I want the I want
the profs okay from the
universities right I want people who
have been spending a career walking
around working this material septu septu
you've been publishing stuff I want to
see you and you know why I want to see
you and why you're scared to me you
little oh I almost said something
naughty please satanic congregation fill
in in the chat the words that you
thought I was just going to
say um listen
The Best of the Best of You septu agent
people I know something about you that
nobody else knows you're
hacks you don't really read
Greek right you read the New Testament
and you read the the septu agent and
from that bubble you think you're
qualified oh you may read some church
fathers too you may read some church
fathers yeah you may none of the stuff
that we're reading can these people read
I'm telling you the they don't expose
themselves to it people that's it it's
not something special it's not that I
have some sort of you know some
invisible powerful product that I'm
using to Mesmerize people no I'm just
showing people the text baby it's just
about the Muse man let those texts sing
give it as a matter of fact give it to
me Che I need to get feet my love bag
yeah take down that Banner
follow let's see in fact in Hebrew both
biblical and modern the term for human
beings is B Adam which literally means
children of Adam now wait a minute have
we walked away from it yeah now we're in
theology we're we're nowhere close right
now and why do I know that for fact
because notice what he said at the
beginning in biblical as well as
modern as if look this is legitimate
this language has kept this word the
whole time no no no no no no no no
Biblical Hebrew with its 7,000 words is
just some copies of some texts they
there is no actual language there's no
independent there's no independent
literature whatsoever right don't let
them throw amulets in your face that's
nothing bro that's nothing that's what
the people outside the museum Hawk right
yeah yeah while all the Greek
manuscripts sit there and are protected
do you see why the moners burned down
the museum do you see why they did do
you see why they destroyed the Li
library and it's not just one they were
destroying libraries all over the Romans
were complaining about it yeah burning
them down why would you want to do that
control of information people control of
information here you go um because then
you can have people like this jump in
and just tell you you have some
Theologian you want to suck the souls of
the feet of some rotten Theologian who's
got some mommy complex pervert
yeah go ahead guzzle it down I'm telling
you the Watchers were like you're living
with guzzlers man I'm like man there
aren't there look at these email I
showed them emails like look at these
people like all right they're not all
guzzlin right this concept goes hand in
hand with Biblical principle creating
God's image yeah right no it doesn't
it's got nothing to do with it that's
theology we're talking Linguistics buddy
following the last idea of the Great
Rabbi the city of Prague during 16th
century so and so was wondering why man
was the only one to be named after the
ground stop it do you see where we've
gone this is no longer philology this is
not language this is
[ __ ] and you're going to swallow it
people right because you're the one who
went to the back alley yeah yeah yeah
yeah okay pure status rine cultivation
keep going keep going okay little bit
more a little bit more what is actually
written I want to show you something um
all of the theology is
worthless right it's
worthless what do we need we need the
cult stuff from the
people right theology doesn't help
anthropologists do you
understand right theology doesn't help
people write history
yeah as a matter of fact it doesn't help
people in well no any of the sciences
that I find
either wow what's is there a problem
with theology yes yes theology is that
sensation in your backside that somebody
is taking advantage of
you solved right isn't that great Alan
just wiped out the just sent away and
wiped out show me Christ any of you
little cowards from any of your
seminaries show me what a Christ is show
me what that naked boy is doing with
them show me the drugs that are christs
show me what they do and why they
involve sex yeah you little
perverts I Dare You Dallas Theological
seminaries head guy in Greek is too
afraid to come out of his office
because the big bad
almond has scared him well dude if you
spent a long time reading these texts
you would have found the same thing I
did bro don't worry don't worry it's not
like it's personal right it's just Jesus
give me the next one
Jesus don't you love it give it to me
okay um people what is it written on the
temple here this is seriously yeah no
this is a good one
what does this say oh this beautiful cek
here what does it say there is a second
portal of God in the
world oh you hey I guarantee you none of
your people are going to be reading this
anytime soon right this is deep stuff
deep
stuff there's a portal of God a second
one
it's called The House of the
Virgin yeah yeah and it's going to
involve a little
production what is it it's an
arc that is more filled with God than
that previous
one it doesn't hold the tablets of God
writing
yeah
yeah wait a minute um seriously yeah now
what is this one got are you ready for
this Ark you didn't know about this this
is on a temple this is on a temple
right this is a place where you and I
are going to find The Fountains of water
that
Purge the flesh oh my God are we wait a
minute are we are we with Christians now
go ahead drop it down are we with
Christians now or are we with pagans how
many people have been here how many
people have been here and have seen I
know there's a lot of you who have been
here and have seen these
pagans and they're doing stuff that
looks just like what the Christians are
doing right why because Pagan and
Christian is your terminology right now
they did use those terms right but you
are dividing the people into those two
categories they didn't divide themselves
right there are those who celebrate
Mysteries and those who
don't right that's all fantastic isn't
that weird it's a world that you didn't
know right you thought no I thought
everybody was born they're walking
around I'm Pagan Joe I'm pegging Joe
Socrates right oh God
did those people get fumigated properly
give me the next one people um right
this very same one um this is sensitive
now so I'm going to have to translate
this very very carefully right because
we're talkinging about a
purging of the fleshly impulses and what
else does it do it also is a
lutris it brings a
cleansing of the Mind the mind mind that
is it is the mind of those who were in
that state of
Unknowing right why did God tell us all
to put the Christ in our eyes in the
revelation of
John so that we could see so that our
eyes would be
opened okay these are the exact drugs
that they're talking about I want to try
wake you up tonight these are the exact
Christian drugs that are being used in
sex
ceremonies to bring somebody through
death back into life to be born again
give you a different
perspective right and at the same time
we cast out your demons you see that kid
we cast out his demons we Christians
will cast out his demons what are you
looking at me like that
for take him down take him back to Peter
St Peter will take care of that take
care of that impulse give me the next
one you thought yeah you thought these
LS were were making jokes you know what
I mean no LA are no there there are no
jokes okay are you ready I'm going to
try to be careful because this thing is
washing it's opening our minds right
it's going to trade us it's going to
trade us of all of those passions and
how does it treat us it BL it does
what this is very hard for me to
translate because it's you
know bubbles up think of a
solution or a an aquous or liquid
solution of something bubbling to the
surf Ju Just bubbling to the surface of
me rising out of the skin just a little
just a little shedding just a little ex
cresence a little do a little do if you
will imagine the
do
okay this process of generating this
water of
life
is what gives us ionic Vision brings us
it revives us it makes us awake right
makes us awake all right do you
understand it is produced by her
body right because why because they're
using technology people that has been
lost technology that is take that will
take the human body and transform it
transform it into what a drug making
facility
a health dispenser a so a savior give me
the next one we're looking for the
Savior and who is she she's gonna have
that solution she's gonna have that
fluid that's Gonna Save Us right that
stuff's gonna you're going to defeat all
your enemies with that thing right and
she doesn't she doesn't use a
spear she uses the water and it's not
just for nutriment it produces a
Christ and it causes The Barbarians to
go
nuts wait wait what were we just talking
about Mary yeah we were within the
mystery fantastic is that is that a
amazing or what do you want to see more
do you want to see what the what's your
real cult is all about right of course
you do of course you do now remember
people please remember as we got off the
ship today I didn't say anything right I
should have told you bring a hard hat or
something because I don't want you to
get hit in the head by this Tech are you
ready you can take a
fetus and expose a fetus to drugs in
utero why would you do this same reason
you'd expose Grandpa to
drugs right have you smelled him lately
he's got one of those infections again
fumigated him at once and that's what we
do and Grandpa feels better you welcome
Grandpa you dirty old
coot right shame on Grandpa
right listen Timmy listen
Timmy I talk to grandpa
I talk to grandpa Timmy just wash it out
okay let's go let's go to the next one
here um look you didn't think we were
GNA dive deep right but we are um yeah
and that's it go ahead uh what is one of
the con Concepts I want you to keep in
your head it's floating it's floating
around like right now um this word in
Greek
Ina Ina many of you will recog iiz a
word that was coined by the brilliant
and exceptionally great human being um
Dr Carl Ruck right I'd put his great
human beingness before his you know
because that's the thing that really
counts right he's a great human being
anyway um he coined the word enogen and
people are probably talking because oh
you're still stuck on Grandpa he had to
endure no okay look nobody's talking
Grandpa down all right all right he sits
outside because we can't have him in
here at the same table as everybody else
get him out of here he did it to himself
Grandpa give me that one again so Dr Bru
came up with this um not with this word
but um using the root that is in this
word right um and there's two here we've
got in and the right from Theos right or
the it's the god word so right this is
that thing that is in thetic he created
the term
enogen right coin the term entheogen why
did he do that because he's been reading
ancient Greek all his life or most of it
and you know longer than I have by a
couple of decades at least and uh let me
tell you something he's the Greek has
rubbed off on his brain and now he want
wants to create his own terms it's
always the classical philologists that
end up coining stuff right they end up
coining
stuff so why because the ancient Greek
kind of forces you into that mode into
that mode yeah love it okay so what is
the process that we're going through um
this Christian process is an enoic
process give me the next one and look
here's the word just from the lsj in
case you want full of God what does it
mean it's literally God in right God
within something possessed look at the
first example hang on look at the first
example that we get of people who are
possessed right
GES
ladies this is why I love grece so much
right who gets possessed we're not you
know what kind of possession are we
talking
about I say possession and most people
here think of the kid on the bed with a
cross stabbing herself and you're like
oh God
right childhood trauma baby right they
shouldn't have let me watch that right
but I snuck it in anyway um Exorcist
check it
out yeah this this show is brought to
you by uh what's your name Reagan this
said Reagan isn't it in the bed right
not possessed like that
right that's not the kind of possession
I'm talking about dude right go back to
the text go back to the text
JY it's women who are bachans who are
possessed right notice that these are
all religious groups right those
possessed by pan have you ever seen the
prophets they're possessed by pan they
call them the god of the highest right
who right this is all them this is look
at Roman numeral number two I told you
people never believe believe me but here
it is people Divine
frenzy inspired by a God right look what
kind of Greek words they give that
they're gonna you know use this for
tchai that means art baby Arts right
Monti the prophetic art I told you they
were prophets nobody ever believes me
why because the picture of the universe
that we're given is through a lie that
came to us from the monism of Judaism
and Christianity and you're history is
screwed up because of it right people
please please stay with great great
mother yeah look at him he's wild he's
yeah why' we bring him along oh he's
inspired got it yeah he is what is that
guy on right remember inspiration and
drugs exstasy what do you think ecstasy
is everybody here moern World let me say
one more thing up front and close to the
modern world modern world you're sitting
there and you think oh you you know
religious ecstasy is you know what life
is there's a form of life that you
haven't lived there's a form of life
that you haven't Liv And I know some of
you said no no no I go to the concerts I
take the whatever's being handed out and
I turn into oh no no no that's a shotgun
a splattering shotgun of of ridiculous
singular proportion what do I mean
you're taking individual things we're
not talking about people just grabbing
whatever they can grab and I'll take
some of this drink some of that end up
in this no no no no no no you have have
to prepare and you have to follow the
drug regimen that we put you under right
that's why we have the fumigations there
and it's very
active right it's very active today's
performance is is
not the
healing of the drug communion that was
the lyric poetry of
antiquity people ask you know what about
what about these people is there a
separation you know there's no
separation between the dudes and dudets
who are playing the liar and writing the
music there's no difference between um
them and the priests
they're the same
group right you think a priest is a
stamp and it's this you got to have this
sign you got who who do the Lee and walk
around the road swing the ropes incense
you know what I mean do some
symboling right
no no there are those
boning
priests
yeah who wor worship
Apollo who worship Apollo you know them
every once in a while the rest of us
normals we see these people right we see
what they can do and we know oh God that
is special that is special turn the
Oracle dark it's time to go every third
year we go into tobic mode oh love it
now for the musicians out there I'll let
you figure out what that means let's get
going couple couple more of these look
these are gorgeous people let me just I
want to I want to give them the good
stuff um look people what did I want you
to see here oh this is Artemis and I
just want you to look at the first two
words we're talking about Artemis again
from the Anthology Greek Anthology and
what do they call emis and Antiquity now
for those of you there's a lot of people
out there who walk around saying oh I
know what it means I know what it means
to worship emus right you get this funny
kind of Wick and kind of yeah yeah okay
you may have something but you
know you know too much flatulent
cabala in the Middle Ages you know what
I mean this is the genuine spring what
is Artemis right she is that
lightbringer I told you I told you and
what is
she she is the
savior she is the savior
wait a minute they called Jesus the
Savior right yeah was he the first one
nope by his time it was worn out right
by his time they could tell you that
term was originally used by this woman
Artemis you're welcome you're welcome
what does she bring she brings that
false that light she brings light to
men she brings light to men she who is
she great Huntress great Huntress right
what else is she she's the one who
brings your child ladies into the world
during that point when you're giving
birth your child she's the one who
guides the process do you understand you
understand Justice now is a God right
she's a God and Artemus is a God right
can you really understand who emis is
know who she is she's the poison poor
the huntress the huntress right right
fantastic fantastic give me the next
one oh okay and why is this connected to
Jesus cuz I Jesus Christ sent my angel
to witness to you these things
concerning the churches I am the
root right I am the root and of the
House of David the star that is shining
the pro
oros right the Morning Star wait a
minute he's using her title Savior and
he's using her title as Morning Star yep
why would Jesus be doing this shouldn't
he be wearing a lady's
bazer
Jesu get give me your bikini shots and
guess what he is in the Book of
Revelation Jesus wears a bikini now why
would he do that because he's filling
the shoes of a
female right then you think well that's
weird not for Jesus it wasn't because he
used the
same mystery to his own Advantage with
his
boys do you understand then they went
out and they did the same thing he
scattered them all and vampire form he's
like and they're like what was that
Mary's like oh God it gives me a heart
attack when you do that Jesus right and
the other people are like oh let me see
Jesus because they don't see anything
they don't hear anything so what do we
do let's drug them all and then they can
see Jesus too and by the way you have
dirty rotten sex demons in you you do
you do everybody out there I know you do
there's not a person that I'm pointing
at who doesn't have sex demons yeah yeah
how do you know you have to meld man it
takes a mind and you reach out you
become that Incubus and then all of a
sudden you're like dude this lady's a
pervert right you see all those hidden
demons it's wonderful to bring out
people's hidden demons you ever see that
sometimes they'll cast them forward for
you right right people are like oh he's
a this or that it's usually the this or
that that they really want
you know what I mean don't tell me I'm a
cult leader right just because you want
me to be your cult leader don't tell me
I'm a cult leader oh
God give me the next one it's ridiculous
people knew how incompetent I was they
would not give me that much credit um
watch what's happening people here look
at this gorgeousness look at the first
line the last word on this first line is
a
right and what is
that um it's not a word that you're
going to be able to look up it's a title
that's why they capitalize it it's
sitting next to the um name Artemus
there that you can see that and what is
a
ha yeah that is somebody who brings your
local
Runnings your local Runnings your birth
Runnings
okay how does she do that how does the
Savior do that um and now you understand
why we're calling her the savior because
when you're sitting there in the middle
of
it what are you g to do you're going to
use her
drugs and her drugs cause you to feel
less pain and they cause you to slide
that baby
out yeah yeah dilate that cervix
boom relax the smooth muscle contraction
start boom baby comes out but you are in
a state of bliss while you're doing it
and the problem is Ladies God doesn't
want you to do that he wants you to have
pain ladies because he's a freak about
pain he's a freak about pain that dude
will let you do anything to anyone do
you remember that we have this book of
Job in the Bible
right the devil's like hey your dudes
they're a bunch of turds they follow you
because you give them stuff creep and
he's like oh do what you want to he's
like seriously seriously you w't pull
that so what does he do boom he smashes
them all right why because God is
sitting there in the clouds watching and
self-pleasuring
devil knows it knows what a good show is
what was that that was a lengthy one by
the way
people ominous Bron sex oh God thank you
so much that's the Mystic Bookshop can
people go to your book shop and buy book
shops or books things there that's
fantastic um a Mystic booksh shop that's
wonderful uh get those sources out there
show people the mysticism and all of
the Y take the ones that are
modern I'm just kidding um wonderful
it's nice to talk to the congregation
every once in a while let's go though
these people are busy and they don't
want to be held up give give me the next
one watch this people um this oh no no
no back up this expression I I had to
show them look at the bottom people um
look at the bottom look at the last
three words hos
alapur how does Artemis appear to this
virgin she appears to her as this flame
this flame this shining flame of fire
does that sound familiar does that sound
familiar next one of course that sounds
familiar that's right out of the Bible
only they're not taken out of the Bible
the Bible's taking it out of them right
look at this first line right an angel
appeared Angel of the Lord how did he
appear in that Puri
flos why do you think that bush is so
attractive you got Moses sitting out
there talking to God what did God at
least he didn't tell him what Abraham
was doing Abraham talked to God and God
said go kill your kid and he was like
Yay let's go walk away from any what do
you tell your wife when you're walking
away with your kid that you know you're
going to go out and kill because the
voice in your head is telling you to do
it what do you do oh see you later honey
I'll be back where you going oh I'm
going to take Isaac here we're going to
go
camping Yeah couple of days well that's
unusual Abe why are you going camping
right these are the people that we're
talking about Moses is sitting there
prophesying because he is getting
high yeah oh you thought it was fairy
tale world didn't you you thought it was
fairy tale World let me tell you
something about history fairy tale world
doesn't exist it doesn't exist
Christianity Judaism Islam they're
viruses on civilization and they will
bring us
down we're talking about the museum
whose weat the library the
museum that's who they'll bring down and
this is a desperate plea to the
congregation to stay in the library
don't let them come here what would have
happened if every Greek on the planet
had said look they're going they're
going to burn the library down yeah they
should have had people there right those
monis I'm telling you Monas will do it
every time they'll kill each other too
right it's the way it works has anybody
noticed how much Warfare has been
started historically just by
monism track it track it Through Time
watch right those sacred texts are built
upon a mind a mon saturated mind right
they try to explain it
away right coros your
lord where did Yahoo go I haven't seen
Yahoo in a long time we ever take him
out of the freezer give me this give me
this watch people um yeah there's no
next one next one let's keep going what
are we looking for oh God guess where we
jumped this is
ureides this is Ides right who are we
talking about now within the cult we're
talking about that Priestess and here we
have words of one right right this is
her art what is her art it is the
killing of that
child what kind of child do you kill you
kill the stranger
you kill the stranger right how do you
do that you drench them you give them
that water as they die as they are dead
entering into the death I am giving you
she says that
water do you understand wait a minute
are we talking are they using cult terms
oh god
seriously right
please please don't forget these keep
going keep going yep next one next
one oh okay look look look where is she
where is she bound to go she's bound to
go to that Holy place right and follow
those laws right that that goddess
Artemus is commanding her to do and she
alone has that beautiful name right I'm
I'm going to be quiet now because you
know why I'm afraid I'm afraid of this
goddess right right um I perform these
things according to noos right as is
right right and whatever dude whatever
poor Greek dude manages to come here
that's her job now somebody else is
going to perform it she's going to do
something else but she is there to put
that that person into a death state do
you understand this is the cult of the
huntress
savior in this cult you will drink
thimon these will be drugs that will put
you into a death State and while you are
in that state and hypers sexually aware
because why because we drugged you we're
going to put you
through an
orgasmic
repositioning of your brain we're g to
bring you to
climax while we
sing that song that we all end up
guarding
as
dragons yeah okay all right
do you feel good do you feel good about
that wait a minute is this a Christian
thing or is this a pagan
thing the answer is shut
up give me the next one give me the next
one oh you know what
um now keep going well I I wanted to
talk about a couple other yeah I kind of
have to I have to round up I put in too
many I wanted you to see here with the
chorus people I wanted you to see here
here um by the way back to the Bible
right Psalms everybody knows Psalms are
Hebrew songs right and you're all wrong
they aren't right Psalm or psalmos is a
word in Greek and you can see here a
compound word
anus
OAS hear the word him in there isn't
that gorgeous what kind of what kind of
songs does this cult work with this Cult
of the Savior Huntress what are they
working with they're working with anti-s
salms if you don't know what that means
you also don't know what Antichrist is
these are songs that are coming out of
Asia that the Meads there are
performing right this is what sh that
Priestess is
doing right over those poor Greeks who
just made the mistake of washing up on
shore Chewy was telling me a little
earlier this week about a dialogue she
was reading between AOS and somebody
else and I forget who it was who was
that Lucian was that yeah it was Lucian
um one of the dialogues and in it AOS
and Aphrodite have a discussion and AOS
says there's only one God that he's
afraid to strike with his Arrow of love
right all the other ones he's he's nice
to Diana right he doesn't strike her
because she's virgin
right right every and other people that
he doesn't want to strike that's okay
but he absolutely won't he won't strike
Athena and that's because of an image of
her that you and I don't
have why because this virgin could not
possibly be the scariest
God okay just stop your s right there
this virgin could not be the scariest
God the closest you can get to that is
the Virgin Mary right now in the culture
the closest and do you see how far that
is right the great virgin is scary
because unlike war that Aeros is not
afraid of unlike
War she commands fear AOS say have you
seen what she wears around have you seen
I want to show you Athena by describing
to you a scene imagine you come across
you leave your house you go take a walk
in the woods and you come across a group
of oh let's say
12 12
women and these women are led by another
woman and they're all wearing like skins
and dude look at them they're obviously
using drugs right these people are
obviously using drugs but they're super
disciplined they like drug core of the
military like take your hardest hardened
seals and give them all these drug
combos that turn them into ravaging
monsters right that's the way to go
right makes them all makes them all you
know excitable too you know what I mean
in a violent non nonon senting sort of
way you know what I mean so there they
are these 12 well you'd be scared by
that because look they have they have
weapons dude they got bows and they got
poisons they're obviously right they're
dangerous but they're leader that's
scary enough but their
leader she's got a goat
skin and on this goat
skin is a
head it's the head of a
priestess and it's got
snakes crawling through the hair and you
know what Aeros says that's
scary Mars doesn't do stuff like that do
you understand this is the
Virgin this is the Avenue through which
you and I got democracy this is the
Avenue through which we Foster the
growth of nerds like
Aristotle and is student the apasus the
first
botanist right he wasn't the first he
was the first guy to make it
official right love it Fantastic look
look what we can get look what we can
get what is she eating there is it the
oh man it looks like meatman did did you
see meatman by the way and for people
who don't understand meatman because
they don't know early Christianity um
I'd like for you to meet Thomas right
now imagine this you're stoned out of
your mind right and this guy is telling
you what to do and not only that he
didn't bring it with him on this trip
right but he usually has his skin with
him and he waves it around his head
right oh God please somebody seal me
these Christians are going nuts man okay
let's finish up the text do we don't
have that we don't have that many yeah
okay these are anti I just wanted to see
that these are psalms now watch this
people here's Psalms here's this glor is
my sheer Psalm he makes me to verse two
a stop on cl to lie down in green grassy
areas and there
heos me he does what he sets me up to
live there and then he nourishes me
ex he nourishes me with water
that gives me Recreation that gives me
rest do you hear that that's the psalms
now you're going to notice that that
didn't all come through in the Hebrew
when they did the Hebrew translation of
this Greek they you know I mean come on
man there's only so much you can do with
7,000 words so it comes out really poopy
um give me give me the next one that was
after that yeah I think it's there we go
here's the Greek verb I you to focus on
right
Kos to really set up a place where you
will dwell to settle somebody right now
look there's a couple of words here that
are involved you can take the root of
this thing sket and you can see it means
just to dwell in tent right to encamp
right right but what happens when you
add that prefix to it what happens when
you add that prefix to it that Kata it
becomes really to
encamp to
settle generally to rest so do you see
why the author chose this instead of
just straight up SK oh right it fits the
context better give it to me like it's
chosen on purpose people what does the
Hebrew do with this right bring him in
he's in the third grade right come here
come here little come here you little
get out here you little kid what are you
gonna do
sorry that's my fantasy of the
fake the fake Scholars that created this
world they're really third graders you
think there were 72 of them right come
here you look come here you you think
you think they're real they those people
didn't exist man 72 of those people sat
around translated these the Hebrew and
they came up with the exact same Greek
and all right let's see what the quote
unquote original said it's
robots right and what is it mean it's to
stretch oneself to lie down wait a
minute that is what they're trying to
put that is what they're trying to pull
over your
eyes holy mackerel there's a word in
Greek for stretch it's right here we
don't if the Greek was a translation of
this Hebrew this would be the word they
used give me the next one it's
unbelievable this is bad people it's
like so obviously bad what does the
Greek say the Greek says um he nourished
me he nourished me what is the what does
the Hebrews say please please let's go
here's the EO this is the verb that this
is from to bring up from childhood when
I say nourish I mean to rear to rear
look in the middle voice of pray pregant
animals to
nourish to nourish what are you doing
with that fetal thing you're nourishing
it right give it some drugs that's what
the problem um look to lead or guide to
a w Wait what did the Hebrew turn this
thing into to lead or guide to a
watering place to lead or guide to a
watering place that's not quite the
quite the same
thing to guide to lead if you just
wanted lead which is totally different
I'll give you that in Greek you don't
need to fake it with something else God
it's so embarrassing that none of you
theologians have managed to figure this
out right and it's not just one group
man this is biblical Scholars this is
theology this is he Hebrew studies this
is Semitic language in General Studies
right
Jesus it's a joke you people are fraking
hilarious and because I know for a fact
that none of you septu agent so-called
Scholars actually spend any time reading
Greek your easy kills your easy
takedowns I mean intellectual kills you
know I me don't get
excited your easy takedowns my God man
how many of you are we going to have to
run over at lady Babylon how many
scholars are we going to have to
socalled are we gonna have to run over
before this thing is over I'm telling
you it's going to be a slugfest an
absolute
slugfest okay let's skip keep going keep
going I don't want to make that point I
don't want to make that point it's just
too much I just hit people with too much
what was the real thing here people what
do you want to see shut up and bring out
the clowns right bring out the clowns
here they are here they are Eis an way
down what the subject is way down fourth
line Fifth Line yeah that's the way
Greek is bro I told you get used to it
right um that's our
unic yeah bring on the unic and what
does the unic do I'm gonna translate top
this unic is so high say so big men he's
going on the oyoy do you see it ancient
Greek students do you see the oyoy at
the end of the sentence do you know why
you Christ you Christ so that you can be
in the oyr Mania in the Oyster Mania you
haven't been there you haven't been
there you just been sitting there taking
the whatever those pharmacist been
Doling out showing up at
concerts right right you need a
priestess you know where you're going to
get this water from it's going to come
from her it's going to come from her and
you're G to see imprinted in her she's
gonna become the vessel of the Living
God the Christ do you understand do you
understand let's see here you know if
you profane this mystery you're supposed
to bring the end of the world right I
forgot to tell people that
the activity that we are
performing has been said to
be the Catalyst for the end of the
world yeah right it's got to come out
did anybody talk to Isidor I told people
go ask Isidor what's the name of the
Antichrist did anybody did anybody come
back satanic congregation wake up wake
up yeah thank you I'm thankful for AG
Greek thank you too I'm thank for the
people who are nice and say thank you
Tracy love that love that um and by the
way there's lots of people who are still
trying to get in okay and I love the St
you know I I want to bring you in so um
it's going to get there we're going to
get this operation going um who are we
talking about with the unic we're
talking about this dude a little
Gus poor guy he's a unic come here let's
call him Jimmy give me the next one give
me the next one what is he he's the
servant he's the watch
this you you think I bring strange
things to you look at the Greek
he right for those modern Greeks who
were searching through those roots you
can kind of see what that means right
hey G that half lady servant of the
Goddess half lady you know what I mean
half lady yeah that's who he is right
um oh oh what's the other half besides
the lady lady boy right the lady boy
right exactly no problem they already
cut it off don't worry give me the next
one give me the next one um why is this
even important because Jesus now my
Evangelical brothers and sisters who are
going to go out and spread this I want
you to make sure bringing freedom to
people this is a good way to do it this
is Matthew
1912 right and he says Jesus Jesus now
talking he says there are Unix who are
become Unix in their mothers right in
their mother's uterus right they're just
made that way right they're others who
were made Unix by people and then right
like forcefully like hey you you're
going to sweep my porch from now on I'm
gonna cut off your
nuts it was different world man it's a
different world right right now you know
why Jesus is like I'm not one of these
guys right I'm gonna cut off your
testicles that's the way it goes man
um it is Jo um he says Jesus says look
there are some people who got made Unix
right but then there are some
people right who are Unix who make
themselves Unix for the sake of the
kingdom of
heaven and then he says whoever is able
to let them take up this burdening
process right remember Christianity is
all about the treatment of sex
demons right I can treat yours Timmy
don't give me that look Timmy come here
Timmy Timmy come here oh how wonderful
it is thank you thank you YouTube thank
you YouTube for the chance yeah thank
you yeah um
Timmy I've got news for you
Timmy I've got news come here
Timmy do you see why we give him the
drugs first right do you see why it's
going to kick in in a minute he's not
going to remember a thing I promise I
promise it's it's okay and tell your
friend over there tell your friend over
there wipe the look off his face you
guys will all be dancing
soon that's right that's right what I'm
telling you I brought you one right it
said the galloy was there what happens
to this kid what happens to this kid did
we see what happened to him oh here's
Matthew again he says the disciples his
students what do they say to him um if
look if this is the way that it is with
people and with you know getting married
to a woman um it doesn't it seems like
it's not a good thing it's not
advantageous right that's what they say
to it doesn't help to get married then
does it Jesus right you knew that the
kids were taking marriage advice from
Jesus right right and you say no Peter
was married no he wasn't says he had a
female in-law that's it
right okay and they say look the the
apostles say look marriage doesn't help
at all then we shouldn't get married at
all right his answer to the
question of his marriage bad thing was
what we just
read look
kids there are some Unix who are born in
the world right they're born that way
naturally right no problem there some
people there are forced into it but then
you know there's always a decision too
you can make for the kingdom of heaven
you realize that when Thomas meatman aka
me meatman when he is sexually abusing
people in order to cast out their demon
you call it what you want the early
church fathers that sexually abused
children and called it casting out their
demons you can call it whatever you
want it doesn't stand up to civil
Authority you can't worship the ver
Orin and let somebody treat kids like
priests like Christians like
rabbis right I won't speak for the mo I
won't speak for the mo because you know
all I can see today is people throwing
acid in other people's faces and you
know what if that's the religion you
want you know um you and I are not from
the same
civilization that's the Greek inside me
mon
beware you're all satanic worshippers
which is cool because this is his realm
and you are the puppets love it now run
off and go find yourself your torture
devices everybody religious monest this
place starting to think like monest we
need some sulfur give me the next one um
Jesus please drive off the monus for us
I say to you right that
whoever puts away and in our sense yeah
yeah divorce is probably the best way to
say whoever divorces a woman not just
anyone but his woman right right are
these people have they been to Rome no
these people are in Judea man it's like
saying the
Backwoods right it's the Backwoods of
antiquity right so of course you know in
these isolated um back woodsy
environments where they don't have life
libraries you don't you got no female
poets why do you think the judeans
didn't want to build libraries cuz you
got no you know you don't want put look
those Greeks they have a bunch of women
poets right go out and get your woman
and don't put her away don't put her
away because if you do you're gonna
beying Mo oh God what are you remember
what happens when you end up there
that's why that kid killed that girl
that he was in love with because if she
had had sex outside of St
Thomas um forcing her to uh be exercised
of her demons sexually if she had sex
outside of that she's not going to have
ionic life do you see that these very
same concepts are in the mouth of
Jesus okay why do you think he's so
weird sexually man why do you think he's
so weird we because there's a whole
process of cult that you're not seeing
and when you read things outside of the
Bible you pick them up oh look you know
they talk about Christ outside of the
Bible oh surprise
surprise fantastic fantastic oh God
where is it I haven't used it enough I
know maybe something will get my goat
don't bring her yet but let's finish off
I only have two more people and you've
been awfully nice to say this long I
really appreciate it give me that one
who is this this is antipater and all I
wanted you to do is refocus on this one
line because this Goddess that he is
being driven Crazy by by her
oyas right that
gadfly that gadfly christing um she is a
goddess of Terror baby I want you to
realize that you think Athena is just
some pretty blonde sitting there in a
helmet come on man
she's the one who scares everybody she
shakes the spear dude she is unhinged
she'll grow unhinged and that thing will
you be that's it you'll be dead that is
what we who are her
attendant that is what we
appreciate isn't that nice we're that if
you haven't been in the madness right
you haven't had that cleansing through
the um through the mystery cult right
then you don't know give it to me give
me the next one you don't know her right
it's it's the introduction why do you
think all those people are going to elus
they're going to meter um I just want
you to see here oh we've got frie here
and and Sibly right um yeah I just want
you to see what did I do this because we
brought in Addis oh what was the
connection here oh Mino Min right um
what is our unic doing here what is our
unic doing here yeah we've got a little
craziness going on we've got a little
CRA craziness he's going to show you
something it's in the next one where's
the where's the show me your dirtiness
show me your dirtiness open up your
little mouth little dude unic let's hit
him with the whip here and see if he'll
speak maybe we'll get him get this
ancient unic to
speak stop
stop
unic mommy you see told you we get him
to speak
mommy right here is my holy phalus wait
what what here's my holy
chamber I want to thank you for my life
and for giving me all of this right for
being that cause of the Beast f i want
you to I want to thank you and I've got
a little box for you Mommy do you know
what's in my little box it's my
testicles thank you
Mommy I understand and now I can
sing
Addis must be
castrated if you want to enter the
mystery you gotta be like one of these
says
Jesus love it we're bringing the real
Jesus Christ to the world and people are
seeing it and I want people to know who
are here and who love by the way Teddy
Bas thank you so much Teddy Bas next
week I'm gonna have teddy Bas come and
talk to us along with old boy if I can
get old boy schedule because people are
doing things behind the scenes and I
want them to be recognized their names
that I could say right now people that
even when it comes down to comments
putting comments up there right or or um
supporting through whatever uh you know
other channel that we have for this kind
of
um spread of the information right I
appreciate it and I thank you for
everybody who's working because I don't
stand around and thank you enough so I
want to do it now thank you everybody
right on behalf of both chewy and I
right excellent I love it um keep up the
good work keep up the good work to all
of my Greek students same thing same
thing it's coming I'm going to give you
another couple of chapters let us
ruminate on those again for am and you
we're g to keep that coming and people
are loving it and I'm getting good
responses people want to jump into
classes now that now have openings who
have kept up I've gotta I've got to get
back with you there's a couple of people
like that as well so um I'm trying uh to
do my best to bring this material
directly to you now I do want to say I
do want to say and um I guess it gets my
goat that I didn't remember this so
Penelope thank you for coming thank you
for coming we don't want to make this
you
know after a few hail mares you know it
becomes old so I don't want Penelope to
ever become old so congregation if
you're just focus on the tail Penelope
tail you see that right there lift it up
like that
that's a gorgeous gorgeous tale and
underneath the tale of
Penelope are the
sins the
sins the sins behind that cross what
they don't want you to
see is that effervescent bubbling Water
of
Life thank you Penelope and thank you
for coming tonight I want want to end on
that note I have brought people that
mystery over and over and over again I
know there is a saturation point where
we will suddenly kick over and people
who are out there who have a capacity to
study this in any way shape or form will
be doing it and it will be building why
because this is the reality when you
swear to follow that Muse and Don't
Stray From that path she always inspires
when you
drift you enter the
desert
yeah hell
Satan Venus cry for Jesus if you riding
with me pip pipe a sthy pee the devil
who stole the babies shining lights eyes
to see the Pudo masquerade of the Devil
Woman Dragon Queen
Diana
Athena Sunny
disposition walking on the wide side
sail away to the land far Where the Wild
Things Are dipping Dragon Venoms free
digital scale for your dope dealing pill
crushing bad [ __ ] addiction fuse to
Black mirrors the living death for what
is real
Oria
SC
Med the Sorceress culture the crow
slaves to the dop tail Satan J full of
gypsy tear call the
boie no one can do it like
I call me the
Boogie I'm
going you